Update utxo-fastsync chip to reflect latest changes in BCHN (#22)
SoftwareVerde/bitcoin-verde: specification/utxo-fastsync-chip-20210625.md

| Byte Count | Name | Description | Endian |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 32 | transactionHash | The hash ("txid") of the transaction. | Little |
| 1-5 | outputIndex | The index of the output within the transaction (as a compact variable length integer**). | Little |
| 4 | height, isCoinbase | This is serialized as an unsigned 32-bit integer. The least significant bit is set if the UTXO is a coinbase output.  The remaining high-order 31 bits represent the block height (shifted over by 1 bit). | Little |
| 1-9 | value | The amount, in satoshis, negative values are disallowed, so the useful range is 0 - 2^63-1. Serialized as a compact variable length integer**. | Little |
| 1-5 | lockingScriptByteCount | The number of bytes in the locking script (as a compact variable length integer**). | Little |
| ? | lockingScript | The locking script ("scriptPubKey", "pk_script"). For token outputs, should include the preamble TOKEN_PREFIX + token data (`0xef`, etc..) | N/A |

** The Van der Wansem proposal was ambiguous in regard to its definition of the locking script byte count and UTXO height, and it used fixed-width 8-byte integers for the UTXO value.

> This proposal uses variable [compact variable-length integers](https://documentation.cash/protocol/formats/variable-length-integer) also known as `CompactSzie` in many places to save space within he UTXO format, as well as other places in this specification.

Reviewer: Typos:
- "CompactS**zi**e"
- "within **he** UTXO format"

Author: Will fix thanks.

Author: ```suggestion
This proposal uses variable [compact variable-length integers](https://documentation.cash/protocol/formats/variable-length-integer) also known as `CompactSize` in many places to save space within the UTXO format, as well as other places in this specification.
```

> Considering there are over 55 million UTXOs in the current set, opting to encode all integers as `CompactSize` ints (little endian) may save hundreds of MB of space. This reduction is not unremarkable and poses little complexity to the format.

Reviewer: Minor nitpick, but "encode all integers as `CompactSize` ints" conflicts with the prior sentence and generally could be misleading, so it might be more clear to just say "some integers"?

Author: Yeah you are right -- this was from an earlier version where I wanted to CompactSize *all the things*. Will fix.

Author: ```suggestion
Considering there are over 55 million UTXOs in the current set, opting to encode some integers as `CompactSize` ints (little endian) may save hundreds of MB of space. This reduction is not unremarkable and poses little complexity to the format.
```

| Field Name | Byte Count | Format | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| version | 1-5 | compact variable length integer, unsigned, up to 32-bit width | The message version format (current format version is `1`). |
| snapshot count | 1-5 | compact variable length integer, unsigned, up to 32-bit width | The number of snapshots metadata contained within this message. |
| snapshots | ? | <ins>Snapshot Metadata</ins> | A variable number of snapshot metadata. |

<ins>Message Format - Snapshot Metadata</ins>

| Field Name | Byte Count | Format | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| block hash | 32 | sha256 hash, little endian | The block hash associated with this UTXO snapshot. |

> | block height | 1-5 | integer, little endian, compact variable-length | The block height associated with this UTXO snapshot. |

Author: Yes, you're probably right about that. Let me modify the spec to reflect that.

> | block height | 1-5 | integer, little endian, compact variable-length | The block height associated with this UTXO snapshot. |

Author: ```suggestion
| block height | 4 | integer, little endian, unsigned | The block height associated with this UTXO snapshot. |
```

> | block height | 1-5 | integer, little endian, compact variable-length | The block height associated with this UTXO snapshot. |

Author: I modified BCHN code to reflect it too.. this shouldn't affect the bucketing so the bucketing test, if conducted by you, against `770000` would be appreciated!
